Note: We mean no harm to your pc other than to provide a viable shell choice alternative. If your AV program blocks CPshell
It's a false positive.

POST-INSTALL INSTRUCTIONS:

	For Windows 8, 8.1, 10, 11:
 			1. In the Start or search menu, look for "Edit environment variables for your account"
 			2. Click "New" and set the Variable name to "Path" OR
			if PATH is already there, click edit and add it to another section and press OK
 			3. Set or add the Variable Value to C:\CPShellFiles
	 		4. Click OK, and click OK again.
 			5. Log off or restart and there you go!

	For Windows Vista/7:
			1. Go to the Start Menu, look for "Computer," right click, and open properties.
			2. Click "System Advanced Settings."
			3. Click the Environment Variables button
			4. Click "New" and set the Variable name to "Path"
			5. Set the Variable Value to C:\CPShellFiles
			6. Press OK and restart (or logoff!)

	For Windows XP and 2000:
			This procedure is a bit different due to the startup path being different!
			1. In the installer folder, go into "CPShellFiles" and copy "CPShell.bat" to
			"C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\Start Menu\Programs\Startup\"
			2. Right click "My Computer" in the start menu and open properties.
			3. Go to the "Advanced" tab and click "Environment Variables."
			4. Click "New" and set the Variable name to "Path"
			5. Set the Variable Value to C:\CPShellFiles
			4. Click OK, and OK again.
			5. Log off or restart!

NOTE: Windows 2000 does not fully work correctly due to certain issues with killing explorer, so really, just
install this on XP.

#Sidenotes
Deleting the .bats in the CPShellFiles folder will NOT delete CPShell. It will just render these commands unusable.

To properly uninstall CPShell, run the installer and select Option 2 (Uninstall) and confirm.
CPShell will then be uninstalled from your system, you can also manually remove it by moving it from your
Startup folder and environment tables.

To add custom commands:
Make a .bat file in the application of your choice (VS Code, Notepad, ect.) and make a .bat file.
with your code, then save it to C:\CPShellFiles\{your file}.bat
-Melnheads